Updates to PM team handbook (#186)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-management-team-handbook.md

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody></tbody>
</table>

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

### Can we take this feature out of beta?

To officially release a feature, it should meet the following criteria:

1. **Scalable**: Works for 60k concurrent connections, 60M rows in the database, and in High Availability
2. **Cross Platform**: Works on all web view sizes, mobile apps, desktop apps
3. **Measurable**: Telemetry added where appropriate
4. **Documented**: Complete documentation is available
5. **Secure**: Reviewed internally for security, and included in future security reviews
6. **Accessible**: Accessibility has been added for user interface components
7. **Logged**: Audit log entries have been added to allow system admins to troubleshoot issues
8. **Compliant**: Anything needed for compliance is tracked in logs

> ### How to create redirects for in-product documentation?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I create redirects for in-product documentation?
```
